I got it! I got it!
It is for me.
Hello?
Hey, Harvey!
Of course, question!
Oh .. wait ... second.
- Zelda Aunt, do you?
- Oh no, you are comfortable.
No, I meant,
if you leave me alone?
I get it.
Sorry.
You were saying?
More second.
Salem, are you spying on me?
I am a cat. I'm curious.
So kill me.
Out!
Okay. I understand
the delicacy of the moment.
Harvey and Sabrina!
Were going to ask?
No, said the Sr.Pool
photosynthesis, do not leave the test.
That's all?
Okay ... ya,
until tomorrow.
There, there. I am sure that the
Harvey will invite you to come out sometime!
Thank you, Louisa.
Were you listening?
I have no privacy in this house!
Harvey and Sabrina!
S01 E06
Dream Date
Meeting Of Dream
Synchronization:
ralphkings
Translation:
I'm ready to party.
Just do not understand how people
will dance with these tables here!
Sasha, let's take the tables.
It seems that I go to the party.
- With whom?!
- Me!
The meetings is the way of
company control people.
I will represent
the opposite.
And I am sure it will be
that people will see.
Want to come with me?
We can come alone, the two.
No thanks.
I was thinking it would be
fun to go with Harvey.
You will invite him?
Oh, I can not, I do not want
complicate our friendship.
And if you invite him?
Oh, I do not care if he
complicate our friendship.
Hey Harvey, we're here.
Thanks, would never notice that
sat at the table ever.
So, you already have plans
the party tomorrow night?
Oops, gotta go!
I never saw her moving around so fast.
Las to say about the party!?
Probably will not.
School dances are not my type.
And you?
I did not make plans.
I mean, still.
Hello Harvey, I can steal you a finger?
Bright.
Excuse me, we are talking about.
There are more people with fingers,
know?
Yes but Harvey are strong.
By the way, Harvey,
I was thinking we could
go together to the party, okay?
Okay.
Great.
Thanks for the help.
Okay? I thought
the balls were not your type?
And there are
panic.
I have difficulty saying no.
I think I have to work on it. No.
Aunt Zelda, I need help.
Of course, for what?
Well it's a little private.
Someone said private?
Yes
I'm intrigued, continues.
Okay, I'll be
promise to keep secret.
Well, I go to party
tonight with this guy.
Harvey.
Sure.
But it goes with another girl.
Libby.
Okay, and what I do now?
Oh dear, if you like Harvey
Libby's is his choice.
But I do not think like.
I mean, was she who invited him ...
and how he has difficulty
to say that we accepted.
So why do not you invited?
Because he would find out
I like it.
But you like.
Yes, but I can not tell.
At least you understand this?
Well, I smile a lot and it sometimes
when we play table football, let him win.
He thus will never see.
Teenage boys
very distracted
If you like Harvey,
you have to tell you.
Maybe you can even believe use of these.
A hammer?
Look, I think I prefer
a spell of love,
but can not find anything
in my book of magic.
Oh Sabrina, I am sorry to disappoint you
but there is no love spells.
Love is more precious to move.
Tell me, too strange, so
there is no standard formula,
although Calvin Kline arrived
very closely with the "Obsession"
So, being a witch did not help at all?
Well, in this case, no.
not necessarily.
You can not make someone like you,
but you can imprison him in a ring
not like you. See?
Hilda, let me out.
Your love is growing on me.
I love the way the light shines through.
Look, hold Harvey in amber, not
is exactly what I have in mind.
I think I need
to be alone again.
Ah, the thing of privacy?
Hilda, come on. We
down there if you need.
True. We are here,
we worry and we have pie.
This disgusts.
With Harvey or without it
she should go to the ball ... I say party.
The Sabrina needs someone modern and
fun, that makes it forget Harvey.
I know we still have
Massa-Man here at home?
Great idea.
A race to the kitchen.
I got you!
You are so immature.
Care?
I'm busy contemplating the air.
You can do that later. Let's
Sabrina had a date of your dreams.
Oh, ooh, ooh, my food!
Meeting dream.
The nose is already!
Get ears.
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
Ready.
Wait a minute, one arm
is shorter than the other.
Hilda, you had to eat pasta?
No.
- Now for the personality.
- Let's put.
Let's make it a great dancer.
And bold.
And musician.
Girls like musicians?
Ever since the concert
"Feel the heat" of Mozart.
- Oh! Exaggerated enthusiasm.
- He goes to a school dance,
will need the maximum
enthusiasm as you can.
What are you cooking?
I smell something ... good?
Sabrina, you'll love.
You will have a meeting of dream
done with mass-man.
Mass-Man?
He will be high,
mysterious and energetic.
He is ready within 4 hours
which is perfect for your party.
Yeah, perfect,
except that they want to go with
Harvey, and not the human mass.
Wait, knows the first
before you change your mind.
You'll like it
he is truly enthusiastic.
I have decided,
I will not.
Man ready!
Hey. Man, I'm so
happy to be here.
Wow It is really enjoyable.
Yeah, but as you
do not want to go to the party ...
I changed my mind, I will.
give me a second to change me.
There.
We have to go.
My, you are amazing!
And this party seems to be high!
Oh my, this place is fantastic!
Your name?
- The dining hall.
- The dining hall, the dining room!
I have to remember that.
Wow, what a cool decor!
Hey, you can keep it down?
You're talking too loud.
- Hello
Hello
Who are you?
I'm Jenny.
And you?
<this is Chad ... Cory ... Dillan.
- Great name.
- Thank you.
Chad, you can bring
something to drink?
She has bright ideas.
What do you think?
It's nice.
Where did you meet?
My aunt showed us.
We came on the bike it.
Approved.
Ya Chad is perfect for an athlete,
bold and rock musician.
Guess? They have 2 flavors,
orange and currant.
Take it easy.
Well, I'll dance.
Wait a second.
We can dance here?
Yes, you like to dance?
I was made for dancing
and I love this song.
Sorry, take it. Thank you,
thanks. Thank you indeed.
Sasha, I missed something?
Not much.
Where have you had?
We had a problem with the engine
the Vette on the way here.
- You drive a Corvette?
- Is "Shove ... ette.
Hey! It's the same thing.
Oh, please!
Oh my God!
What is the type that is with Sabrina?
His name is Chad and Cory Dillan yes
it is the bike that is out there.
I think Sabrina is a win.
I do not think. Anda
Harvey, gonna rock the runway.
Actually Libby
I do not dance.
Sorry?
This is a dance
guess what you do here?
Well, but for me,
dance is a metaphor.
Why?
I do not know anything?
Can not believe I did it.
Sasha!
Bathroom.
Oh my, I am enjoying myself to the great.
Me too.
As previously stopped to dance?
I saw a person.
- Who?
- It's just a friend.
This is fun. We did this
since the presidency of the Taft.
Mm. What you put in your personality?
I put a lot of optimism. Want
is a very optimistic.
Ah, that's good.
Ahah! Mine is ready.
hello. I Hilda.
Leave me alone?
Still looking for work,
for bothering me.
Did not seem very optimistic.
Something went wrong.
Check the date
validity of the optimism?
- Oh no. Says not optimistic!
- Which means ...
My meeting is hopeless.
Ladies ...
They want to end the feast of hens.
Somewhere side is giving some kind
sports and I'm losing.
Where is the TV?
Never mind, I find it.
TV? TV? No.
I have bad luck with men,
made with the same mass.
Here. Want to start over?
Yes .. No, wait. I have an idea.
Maybe you can change it.
Oh you know that Hilda
it never works.
But I love a challenge.
First, I earn his trust
pretending to like sports.
Wait. Do you want to know mine?
Let me guess. It is a firefighter
brave who loves milk?
- How did you know?
- I found the calendar on the desk.
The Sabrina is right,
there is no privacy in this house.
Oh, hello kitty.
Got milk?
What? Oh sorry, thought
they were talking to me.
Oh my, this is the best
night of my life!
Will you stop?
I am a bit tired.
It is evil, come on. Though,
have to say I love this song.
Well, then continues to dance.
Jenny, is here for me.
Okay. But do not tarry,
I do not want to think that I sold.
Hey, Harvey.
Are you busy?
No, I dropped an item in the drink.
Sounds good.
Thank you too.
This is what I used yesterday.
But smell good.
Where's Libby?
In the bathroom, I think. It is
upset that I did not dance.
Seriously
I thought I was good at it.
Well, when I'm alone
in my room, yes.
I mean, do not dance around
the man or something.
I am very ashamed
in front of others.
All we.
Not your date.
Oh, Chad is special.
Wow I really like him, right?
No! I wanted to say out of the ordinary.
Hey, here you are.
Hello, I'm Chad Cory Dillan.
Harvey Dwight Kinkle.
Nice to meet you.
Hey Sabrina, you have to come.
You do not know what you are losing.
A highly musica?
She knows everything.
Hallelujah, come back, I thought
you had fallen inside.
How charming.
- What are you thinking?
- That referee is a stupid!
We could talk while we see. I mean ...
relationships are built
on the basis of communication.
Why not shares
your feelings?
Why not share the potatoes?
- Simon, what I'm trying to do ...
- Look, look, look.
When you give the advertising annoying,
we speak. Until then, you imported?
Never seen a man drink so much milk.
Aah! I love milk.
Just do not see why not withheld
when I invited you to come to the party!
I told you,
I have to work harder at it.
Great! a quiet song.
You know Chad,
'm not facing this dance.
Why do not we
sit in those chairs?
Genial!
You're a genius!
This is too bizarre,
same for me.
If you do not want to be here,
just go.
- I do not say this to many people, but ...
- Here he is!
- Hello I'm Libby.
- Hey, I'm Chad.
I saw you dancing,
are really good.
Well, I am also bold
and a rock musician.
Really!
What instrument holes?
I play lead guitar.
Guitar solo!
Hey Harvey,
burrows not an instrument?
Yap. The bassoon.
Wow, bassoon.
I find it very sexy.
Perhaps, for a bassoon.
Oh my, I love this song!
Me too. Unfortunately
my partner can not dance.
You know yes. Incidentally, Harvey
is a wonderful dancer.
Sabrina! Technically
is not true.
It is.
Why not the evidence now.
Okay,
may know a few steps.
Yah! Harvey is dancing
alone. Way to go!
He is even better than Chad.
Much better.
- Has anyone seen?
- All saw.
Now I am even ashamed.
Let's dance.
I feel inspired.
- But ...
- It is better to go.
What!
Now I want to dance with you.
Sorry, but you said
I could go if he wanted.
I take it back.
You have to dance with me.
Libby ... No!
Wait Chad, this is not right,
Sorry but I have to go.
Harvey!
I'm here.
I thought you were gone!
And he was, but I have to be
waiting for the "triple A".
Well, I can help you to wait.
I'm good at it, he notes.
Thank you,
but you should not be in there ...
with which is the name,
what is the name, what is the name?
Nah, it's not my type.
Why perfect is not your type?
Indeed Harvey
I want to talk to you about it.
But it's hard for me.
What do you mean?
Well, is this ...
I. .. can you see ...
Sabrina, what is?
Ice!
I came to this party in the expectation
pass a good time with Chad,
but when I saw you, eventually.
I think great
be friends, but ...
sometimes wish it was
more than that.
I love you, Harvey.
I like too much of you, but ...
I think by now, this is the only
way to get to tell you.
Thanks for hearing.
Did you say something?
Yah. He said
Chad is not perfect.
You know, has one arm
larger than the other.
Well, you better come back.
Sabrina was kind of thinking that a
Since here we are, do not you dance?
You will not feel ashamed?
We're just us.
So, you love this music?
It's nice.
I'm getting a little embarrassed.
Okay, I am.
Sorry, that's all I can do.
Was enough.
I'm ready to go.
Since you want
leave the party ...
do not want to go play
a game of table football?
Yah, I love table football!
Excuse
spent too much time with Chad.
Well, I'll tell you that I'm leaving.
I love you, Sabrina.
Why do not you tell him in the face?
Sabrina, come back!
Chad have to talk.
Look, it was sweet of you
bring me to the party, but ...
but not with you I want to be.
And who?
Harvey.
is an excellent choice,
it is a nice guy.
Really are the same
a meeting of dream, Chad.
So do not mind to go?
Oh, sure, go ahead.
I'm here to miss you.
I do not want you to.
Look, we only have 2 more hours and have the
sure you love this song, so ...
Why do not you invite
Libby to dance?
I?
I like Libby.
Do you like the Libby?
Sorry, I think I
starting to look bad.
Come on, win or lose.
Hey, look.
The same size. Ha!
So if you live by the pass,
die by the pass.
They keep the ball down and staying fit
to put the ball in the red zone.
You know, I can not hear Pat Samerell
while you are chattering.
It's about advertising tools.
Shh! Are talking about hammers.
Okay, is this.
Done!
- 90 seconds.
- Got it!
Here I go.
Be right back.
So what now?
Well, I can register your bike
or make lasagna for 50!?
Teach me to do
mouth to mouth?
Sure, but first I have to drink more
milk to fortify my body.
Yes, I finally understood
with Simon.
Since my meeting
was a failure,
it seems that we
have to share yours.
Oh Oh no! I do not share.
He's mine.
- Do not be evil.
- It was I who did it, drop it.
Not off.
Go! Go!
Look, see what you did?
My milk!
Since it is spoiled.
Can I have it?
Oh I love this song!
We were made for each other.
I ... to find ... condoms!
Chad!
Chad? Chad?
Gross!
I have really enjoyed.
Oh my, I love this song!
Speak a detective?
Okay, I want to participate
disappearance.
Chad Cory Dillan.
He is very high,
and is very beautiful.
He was last seen dancing with me,
were all looking at, it was fantastic.
What? ... Well, he's just gone
to 20 minutes but I think ...
No, I will not wait 24 hours.
You do not realize that he
is the love of my life?
Hello?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org